# Bonus Material Transcript

So a government federal government customer recently was interested in the client accellerator and was pretty much one of the first clients for this service. They didn't have client accelerated prior, but they had steelheads everywhere. So what we've done is raise zero dollar purchase order to give them client accelerator for free. To tap into this, which I recommend everyone does because it's awesome and it's free because you've already bought the products. If you don't have a client accelerator that you'll use separately, then you can use it just for this for free. And if you have steelheads everywhere already, then then you missing out on awesome opportunities. You need v9.1.2 or later and you need control of v6.2 or later so that with new passwords. Anyway we're on v9.1.2 and v6.3.1 at the moment. It can be deployed in this two ways; SSL agent or optimization SSL agent.You'll see the difference os that one's got a steelhead on the client side and the agent is deployed for free and there is no license required. It essentially uses latency detection to do its job and we can stipulate that if it's less than 10 milliseconds, then your behind a steelhead and don't need to optimize anything because it for you. The other story is where you have a standalone terminal or a user that already has the actual client accelerator .

We don't go into this a whole lot as I don't believe it is in this course at all. but the way it works (just briefly) is the client accelerator where it works? Is that a license is consumed when the host is online. So, so if you buy a hundred bison to the new, got 300 people, but all 300 online, at the same time and you may get by, with a hundred freedom calls. So it kind of works like that, where if someone is online and connected, they'll take a seat. No consume one of the licenses. And then they'll hand it back from, it's not used because so, there's no requirements for that and on this one and then in this case, where they already are, just, and then user hanging off the back of a standalone kit or something like that, then they'll get the normal optimizations first, and be etc. All of the streamlining functionality done on the agents. Last this. So, what it does is, if it isn't clear yet and this diagram doesn't really help make it more clear because it's pretty intense diagram. What it does, is it generates search on the fly, on the host that are trusted by the host. Because it's generated on the host effectively because I believe what happens is when you install the engage the enemies are agent.

A riverbed client accelerator certificate gets installed in your trusted store or something like that as part of the installation, and if that's not the case denoted, assume it would be something through AD or something like that, but I'm pretty sure it is installed out of the box. So what happened is, that's trusted by your browser. And then what happens is, is this, this one will generated on the fly little pass it on. And typically, what what all essentially happens is, trusted connection will happen with all hosts out there because you've got the ability for this to make the certs that this client needs to trust. So it's a bit bit of a mind blowing concept that's opposed but hopefully it's understandable that what you can do is you can optimize anything because you don't need a proxy set here because this is generating each as the Yeah, that's just a little bit extra and it's something that's very powerful because for example, like like you say, now the other day about news.com for, if your punching through a steelhead before you go out to secure internet gateway, then the optimization in your own network, prior to going out to the internet, will actually happen at this point providing the ability to break and inspect anything without needing to go. And fetch certs is huge. And then you can ask yourself or why would this come about if it's all free? And they've done this major featuring implementation, it doesn't make sense. Well, the answer is, it's a pain in the ass at times to get proxy certs and a lot of the time, the network team doesn't have influence on it. Broadly speaking about all organizations. So rather than anything else, what we can do is we can drive it down as far as possible. We can hit it at the source and then we actually don't require to go on big and played for these thirds because it can be done on the agent and the agent will provide capability and then you know yeah I it's more about sticking this and giving legs to the steelhead because and then this is what differentiates I guess the field heads from the other acceleration options are out there. If many are out there, is that this stuff has continually being maintained and continually being kept up with, what's required by the user community. Because if it's getting too hard and there's too many starts out there and we can't open my internet and blah, blah blah. I don't do this and now we can.

So anyway just some extra food to thought because it's, it's an awesome feature / capability. And it's not very well used at the moment because no one really knows about it. So further to that talking about setting it up on a steelhead, all you do is take the one box to enable TLS. The TLS played. It's all you got to do so it's it's it's like you take a box on on the client to enable the steelhead to enable it depending on how you've got it set up. Whether it's the whether it's the agent mode or the accelerator, an agent mode, you only need it on the server side steelhead or you don't on both and you only other thing is an impossible optimized all ports on 443 and in that case, it actually does mean all ports. But sorry all also servers on portfolio hosts and in that case, it actually does the trick.
